Update run-live-response.md (#5973)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/run-live-response.md

4.  RunScript command timeouts after 10 minutes.

5.  Live response commands cannot be queued up and can only be executed one at a time. 

> 6.  Multiple Live response commands can be run on a single API call. However, When a live response command fails all followed actions will not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Multiple live response commands can be run on a single API call. However, when a live response command fails all the following actions will not be
```
